README.md, before:

angular-inventory
=================

Inventory database implemented in Angular Javascript, Django, Grunt, etc.

About the Project
-----------------

The project has been implemented and tested in the following environment:

- Python 3.2.3 (GCC 4.7.2 on Linux 3.2.57)
- Python 2.7.3 (for compiling latest stable Node sources)
- Java Runtime Environment 1.7.0_65 (for running Protractor tests)
- virtualenv (Python Virtual Environments)
- nginx (Web Server)
- Node.js (for Node Package Manager, installed into virtualenv)
- pip (Python Package Manager)
- Bower (Web Application Package Manager)
- AngularJS (UX)
- Django (Python Web Service)
- uwsgi (CGI Middleware)
- Django Rest Framework
- Bootstrap Framework
- SASS (CSS Pre-Processing)
- Protractor (Testing Framework)
- Selenium (Protractor Web Driver)
- chromedriver (Selenium Interface)

Installing this Project
-----------------------

1. You will need to have the following software installed before you can begin:

    ```
    Python 3.2.3 (tested), needs -dev on Debian/Ubuntu
    Python 2.7.3 (tested), needs -dev on Debian/Ubuntu
    Java Runtime Environment 1.7.0_65 (tested)
    Pip Package Manager
    Python Virtualenv for 3.2.3
    nginx Web Server
    ```

2. You must install the Node.js software. Make sure to use Python 2, it will not build otherwise. Preferred if you install into the virtualenv with --prefix=/virtual/env/path
3. Enter the virtual environment: virtualenv /virtual/env/path
4. Install some dependencies with pip:

    ```
    pip install django
    pip install uwsgi
    ```

5. Enter the source directory.
6. Install the dependencies for the package:

    ```
    npm install
    npm install -g grunt-cli
    ```

7. Configure the uwsgi.ini in server/. You need to change chdir, daemonize, and socket to appropriate values for where you checked the repository into.

    ```
    [uwsgi]
    chdir=/home/arven/trucoin/angular-inventory/server
    wsgi-file=server/wsgi.py
    master=True
    pidfile=/tmp/project-master.pid
    vacuum=True
    max-requests=5000
    daemonize=/home/arven/trucoin/var/log/uwsgi/django_inventory.log (set a path for logging)
    socket=/home/arven/trucoin/var/run/uwsgi/app/django_inventory/django_inventory.socket (set a path for socket, you'll need this for the next step)
    chmod-socket=666
    ```

8. Configure the inventory_nginx.conf. If you change the listen value, you will also need to change the port in tests/e2e/e2e.conf.js

    ```
    uwsgi_pass  unix:///home/arven/trucoin/var/run/uwsgi/app/django_inventory/django_inventory.socket; (set this to the socket specified in uwsgi.ini)
    uwsgi_param UWSGI_PYHOME /home/arven/trucoin/invdb; (set this to your virtual environment path)
    uwsgi_param UWSGI_SCRIPT deploy.deploy;
    uwsgi_param UWSGI_CHDIR /home/arven/trucoin/angular-inventory/server; (set this to the directory the server is located in)
    include     /home/arven/trucoin/angular-inventory/server/uwsgi_params; (set this to the location of uwsgi_params, located in server)
    root        /home/arven/trucoin/angular-inventory/server; (set this to the directory the server is located in)
    
    location / {
    root        /home/arven/trucoin/angular-inventory/dist/; (set this to the grunt-created dist directory)
    }
    ```

9. Use Grunt to compile the distfiles

    ```
    grunt
    ```

10. Start uwsgi

    ```
    uwsgi uwsgi.ini
    ```

11. Use Grunt to test the project

    ```
    grunt test
    ```

12. Now you can browse to the project path http://localhost:8000/app/index.html

Commit message:

Touch up on the readme, make more clear where virtual environment needs to go and make sure it's clear that the nginx stuff needs to be put in /etc/nginx/sites-enabled.

README.md, after:

angular-inventory
=================

Inventory database implemented in Angular Javascript, Django, Grunt, etc.

About the Project
-----------------

The project has been implemented and tested in the following environment:

- Python 3.2.3 (GCC 4.7.2 on Linux 3.2.57)
- Python 2.7.3 (for compiling latest stable Node sources)
- Ruby 1.9.3p194 (for running Sass)
- Java Runtime Environment 1.7.0_65 (for running Protractor tests)
- virtualenv (Python Virtual Environments)
- nginx (Web Server)
- Node.js (for Node Package Manager, installed into virtualenv)
- pip (Python Package Manager)
- Bower (Web Application Package Manager)
- AngularJS (UX)
- Django (Python Web Service)
- uwsgi (CGI Middleware)
- Django Rest Framework
- Bootstrap Framework
- Sass 3.3.10 (CSS Pre-Processing)
- Protractor (Testing Framework)
- Selenium (Protractor Web Driver)
- chromedriver (Selenium Interface)

Installing this Project
-----------------------

1. You will need to have the following software installed before you can begin, these will likely take your package:

    ```
    Python 3.2.3 (tested), needs -dev on Debian/Ubuntu
    Python 2.7.3 (tested), needs -dev on Debian/Ubuntu
    Ruby 1.9.3p194
    Sass 3.3.10 (Maptastic Maple)
    Java Runtime Environment 1.7.0_65 (tested)
    Pip Package Manager
    Python Virtualenv for 3.2.3
    nginx Web Server
    ```

2. You must install Node.js. Make sure to use Python 2, it will not build otherwise. Preferred if you install into the virtualenv with --prefix=/virtual/env/path
3. Enter the virtual environment: virtualenv /virtual/env/path
4. Install some dependencies with pip:

    ```
    (venv) $ pip install django
    (venv) $ pip install uwsgi
    ```

5. Install the dependencies for the package, from within the source directory:

    ```
    (venv) $ npm install
    (venv) $ npm install -g grunt-cli
    ```

6. Configure the uwsgi.ini in server/. You need to change chdir, daemonize, and socket to appropriate values for where you checked the repository into.

    ```
    [uwsgi]
    chdir=/home/arven/trucoin/angular-inventory/server
    wsgi-file=server/wsgi.py
    master=True
    pidfile=/tmp/project-master.pid
    vacuum=True
    max-requests=5000
    daemonize=/home/arven/trucoin/var/log/uwsgi/django_inventory.log (set a path for logging)
    socket=/home/arven/trucoin/var/run/uwsgi/app/django_inventory/django_inventory.socket (set a path for socket, you'll need this for the next step)
    chmod-socket=666
    ```

7. Configure the inventory_nginx.conf. If you change the listen value, you will also need to change the port in tests/e2e/e2e.conf.js

    ```
    uwsgi_pass  unix:///home/arven/trucoin/var/run/uwsgi/app/django_inventory/django_inventory.socket; (set this to the socket specified in uwsgi.ini)
    uwsgi_param UWSGI_PYHOME /home/arven/trucoin/invdb; (set this to your virtual environment path)
    uwsgi_param UWSGI_SCRIPT deploy.deploy;
    uwsgi_param UWSGI_CHDIR /home/arven/trucoin/angular-inventory/server; (set this to the directory the server is located in)
    include     /home/arven/trucoin/angular-inventory/server/uwsgi_params; (set this to the location of uwsgi_params, located in server)
    root        /home/arven/trucoin/angular-inventory/server; (set this to the directory the server is located in)
    
    location / {
    root        /home/arven/trucoin/angular-inventory/dist/; (set this to the grunt-created dist directory)
    }
    ```

8. You should put the inventory_nginx.conf in your /etc/nginx/sites-enabled/, or link the file there.
9. Use Grunt to compile the distfiles

    ```
    (venv) $ grunt
    ```

10. Start uwsgi

    ```
    (venv) $ uwsgi uwsgi.ini
    ```

11. Use Grunt to test the project

    ```
    (venv) $ grunt test
    ```

12. Now you can browse to the project path http://localhost:8000/app/index.html
